it was not a world cup final far
but also the enthusiasm of the two
twisted
I could feel the importance of the match
My confident tone that my team will give
a show today is taking place on the team nor
time is good and has the best attack of the
the championship or the optimism of
foreign turkey and bolivia players
who came to Brazil in search of a
better life on a crowded block to see the
final of the gringos league in celebration
worse to be more a Bolivian foreigner
Peruvians and party here today
ruby on rails
the two teams entered the profiles dinos
world cup even style
but at the time of the national anthem was
raining too much and gave trouble in the
more wine equipment 5
the bitch a poo after the game
the final also had a lot of grief
of South Americans worthy cup knows how
it's an asshole
on the edge of the court nervousness
shouting written in Spanish and Portuguese
and the two sides years in Bolivian and
Of course the decision also scored goals
the first went to the expert
only there the Bolivia aiming to make goals
the Brazilian 11 thiago shirt son of
bolivianos in 3
and who goes three goals in the league final
gringo asks for music from the sport globe he
I can not even think of music in the game.
that ends the bar for tiagão
mardy fish goal by tiaguinho caraca
brat
what a crazy kid, what the day was the father of
I know, rock, just get out of it.
ae a cold planet state
brat brown
thiago's tiger won the turkey for 5 to
3 celebrated too much the conquest of the team
life here the Bolivian is very hard they
come here to look for work and
end up getting sick often for
working time and the
It's good for him, he's got a
tranquility in order to distract one
little of the day to day or run is
tiring too
It's more like a fraternization party .
all countries and it's Bolivia is my
heart is the cheer deserves all that they
they make the whole game with us